# Web3.0-and-Metaverse

What is decentralised technology, blockchain and metaverse ? 

MOney today is mostly abstract. It is a system of record keeping only. It is mostly entries in a digital ledger. Today's monetary system requires a lot of trust. We need a lot of intermedieries to maintain this flow of money or record. In a bitcoin ledger system unlike a bank the record is distributed across the nodes of various computers. This provide some benefits over the traditional bank ledgers : In order to hack the system a hacker has to hack through 50% of the nodes and 1 more to change the ledger which is virtually impossible for such a distributed ledger as blockchain, if any one nodes go down other can compensate for the information, No one is ultimate authority on this ledger. In order for this ledger to work, every node has to be on the same data. This is a very complex problem. Bitcoin blockchain is a massive breakthrough in this. It is the first technology that can keep the master copy and sync it across all the node networks without having the issue for information being wrong. 

Etherium was a very important discovery as a platform blockchain. The application being limited to crypto currency is a very narrow outlook to look at when looking for application of blockchain. The power of blockchain i.e noone is capable of editing any information across the nodes can be super powerful in terms of smart cotracts, lets say a future voting mechanism, etc. A smart contract is a code of if then statements. If some conditions are met then execute the then code. A contract delievered over blockchain becomes immutable i.e nobody can cheat the person who is selling something and a buyer can also not be cheated. This can be done without the involvement of long list of intermedieries and long time. This system can replace the very fragile fabric of our economy and lives: trust. Blockchain is open sourced, transparent and decentralised. People can crowd source blockchain. This make it more trsutable. 


Decentralised Finance : It removes the middle man from the traditional financial structure. 
